for
alone are you poor mortals I am
batman not actually it's not batman
it's me I know it's easy to get
let deceive by a suit of this
quality I do not blame you for the 20th
July 2012
aurora in the colorado james giddens
open fire during the preview of
movie the dark knight rises of
christopher nolan
twelve people will die and
fifty eight will be hurt this drama
will have repercussions up to europe
since the preview in paris will be
canceled and that many newspapers
will not hesitate to say that it's because
that the film is violent that it generates
this kind of behavior unless
you are convinced that the
rock'n'roll and video games make
the violent children you had to have you
ask the same question as me how
this film can be held responsible
of such an abomination in a country where
the weapons are on sale
some for theory that the responsible
of the massacre did not choose the film by
chance indeed the parents of bruce
wayne were murdered while he
was coming out of the cinema however the origins
of batman as they are told
in 1948 it is absolutely not said that
the wine family was coming out of the cinema but
simply that she was walking in the
street
moreover the assassin only fires one
ball that kills thomas swain martha she
have a heart attack
shocked by the murder of her husband then
beyond his big headlines I
realized how much
batman's story was sprinkled with
sordid facts and I told myself
that it was a lot more interesting to
to talk to you about that rather than
a beautiful birthday video for his 75
years and also because I like
the stuff a little sordid
after the death of bruce wayne's parents
comes the one from the dick family
grayson of the circus artists the
flying greyson murdered by the mafia
who will try to make up the crime in one
unfortunate attention trapeze accident
there I speak to children whose
parents are trapeze artist then the
kids do not have fun cutting the
strings it will not make you a super
hero one year one year
besides, I do not know why but
when i think about dick grayson i think
automatically to the movie under the most
big top of the world that you too
you are necessarily already typed with your
grandparents at christmas on france 3 when
you were a kid although they all
the two lost their parents
bruce and dick will not live at all
the same way while bruce we will close
in a forced solitude in search of
justice
dick will remain open to others but will have
much more likely to look for the
revenge this is one of the two
major difference between batman and robin
the other is that Robin is in underwear but
this is the proof that this batman is
a dangerous patient who is would be a
child and fight crime in underwear
these differences in behavior
will push the dynamic
duo to part with dick will continue his
superhero career under the mask
of nightwing bruce wayne will find a
new little buddy costumed in the
nobody from jason todd
my god this sentence is weird the
second robin will end tragically
in 1988 during the saga to a mourning in
the family written by jean star line
he will be savagely murdered with blows
crowbars by the joker dc comics
proposes to its readers to vote by
phone to decide the fate of the poor
Jason had more than 10,000 participants
and his death was voted with a very
slight majority
actually the comics is a little bit
like reality TV but with a
intrigue intelligent characters and
the complicated words two numbers of
telephone were created one involving
death of jason the other his survival 5343
people voted for the death of the young
hero and 5271 so he stays among
we even say that a citizen
american would have cheated programming his
computer so he dials the number
for the death of the character every 90
seconds for eight hours in a row
offering him the bill of
the saltiest phone of the 20th century
in fact it was not the first time
that robyn moore and in batman 156 in
1963 our hero had already lost his
young argue but all this
was actually just a hallucination
yes the 60s all of this you see the
table what jason todd comes back from between
the dead under the redwood mask a
direct reference to his murderer
since this is actually the first
identity of the joker as we can see
in the killing joke it's always in
1988 under the direction of alan moore and
brian bolland that will be born this
adventure that is among the most
controversial black knight the
killing joke is primarily centered on
the character of the joker and on the
very special relationship he
maintains with batman
they consider it indeed as a
enemy but also as he has of
closer to a friend
we discover several scenes
particularly shocking one of the most
memorable is probably the one where joker
burst in the gordon pulling at
bout bearing on barbara the daughter of
commissioner and ally of bachmann under the
batgirl mask following this
aggression she will lose use of her
legs and take to the secret identity
of oracle the joker will then lift the
commissioner gordon forcing this one
watched pictures of his injured daughter
and naked which suggests
even worse things
dc comics will also ask brian
bolland to redraw some passages
considered too explicit
alan moore says he regrets
to have nailed barbara gordon in a
Wheelchair
he was not tender with her in the
original script which will be worth it to be
abused by several associations
feminists
the other issue raised by the
killing joke and probably the most
great ever posed in the universe of
batman at the end of the story
batman kill the joker then of course
if everyone will have his interpretation
personal of the end totally
Enigmatic of this story is that of
many theories are circulating on
Internet
the simple idea that batman can put
to death his sworn enemy moved more
a
indeed one of the main rules
followed by the black knight and not
not to kill criminals and to
refuse any form of gratuitous violence
finally normally
moreover if it is now known to
all that batman refuses to use
firearms it was absolutely not the
case in its early days bob kane and bill finger
inspired by many characters
of pulse like this shadow that had
no remorse to use weapons
lethal very quickly and following
many pressures from
of parents' associations fighting against
violence in batman comics
will drop his weapon in favor of
various batman gadgets is part of these
borderline characters
we expect him to be a vigilante
flawless observing a code of
strict driving but we also know to
how much he has to show
coolness in the face of an opponent does that
the joker especially after all he has
hurts his loved ones
that's a bit of why each of us
we can recognize ourselves as batman by
example when an old lady
crossed the street the sleeping hero
in us pushes us to help him
but on the other hand we all have a crazy
want to push under this big truck
that comes at full speed from a game
I'm the only one who does it
nobody even more recently bruce
wayne had to deal with the death of his
own damian son who had endorsed to
turn robin's suit as well as
the kidnapping of all his allies by the
joker who made them believe then of a
sadistic game that had snatched them the
facial skin
so I told you a lot about the joker
but if batman is one of the best
superhero it's also because he
has one of the best gallery of
bad guys that can be found in
the comics and that many of them
owe their existence to different
forms of violence indeed if harvey
dance has become double-faced it's because
that he was disfigured by acid
we can imagine the violence
psychological that had to undergo oswald
cobblepot because of his physical front
to become the penguin or the
suffering felt by mr freeze face
to his inability to save the one he
like to ask yourself a moment the question
deep inside you feel more
close to Batman or these villains
until next time I'm counting on
you to have healthy readings if
this video pleased you do not hesitate to
share it on social networks
if you did not like this video
do not hesitate to share it on
social networks
you can now find
the show on facebook
and do not forget to subscribe to
chain not to miss the next
we are counting on you at batman
you can count on me commissioner
but what are you doing
I leave discreetly go back by
the